Validation: Added Missing Descriptions (#243)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/spatial-data-services/public-data-sources/fourthcoffeesample.md

---
title: "FourthCoffeeSample | Microsoft Docs"

> description: "Describes the FourthCoffeeSample data source and provides a table that outlines the data type and example value for various properties."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Describes the FourthCoffeeSample data source, a sample data source used when learning how to query and get data source information using the Bing Spatial Data Services, with a table that outlines the data type and example value for each of its properties."
```
